

Rubiverse
Problem Description
In the mystical land of Rubiverse, every puzzle master owns a custom 2×2 Rubik's Cube inscribed with random alphabets. The net layout of the cube is provided as input. Each face of the cube is identified by a single uppercase letter (A-Z) and contains 4 characters arranged in a 2×2 grid. Faces are ordered by scanning the net left to right, top to bottom. All six faces' characters are given together as one continuous string: the first 4 characters belong to the first face in the net layout, the next 4 to the second face, and so on. The 4 Characters are placed in row major on the face. When folded into a cube, the faces align perfectly and the three faces that meet at a corner form a code. Given a corner (three face labels), find and print the code formed by the three alphabets at that corner, in the same order as that of faces.

Constraints
Faces will be represented by upper case alphabets.
Characters on face will be of lower case characters.

Input
The first four lines contain a 4×4 matrix showing the cube's net layout. Each cell has either an uppercase letter (A-Z) representing a face or a dot (.). Exactly six letters represent the six faces of the cube.

The next line contains a string of lowercase alphabets representing all six face characters.

The last line contains three uppercase letters representing the corner whose code must be found.

Output
Print the three alphabets (one from each of the given corner's faces) that meet at that corner when the cube is folded correctly.
The alphabets must be printed in the same order as that of given faces .

Time Limit (secs)
1

Examples
Example 1

Input

.E..

ABCD

.F..

....

abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwx

ABE

Output

fic

Explanation

The given net layout of the cube is shown below.

com.tcs.cv.automata.ei.middleware.DocxToHtmlConverter@6759f091:image1.png

As you can see from the above net layout, if you close and cube and extract the FTR corner, you will get the code "fic"

Example 2

Input

..FR

.LD.

..B.

..T.

zaqwsxedcvfrtgbnhyujmkio

FTR

Output

aos

Explanation

The given net layout of the cube is shown below.

com.tcs.cv.automata.ei.middleware.DocxToHtmlConverter@6759f091:image2.png

As you can see from the above net layout, if you close and cube and extract the FTR corner, you will get the code "aos"